# Development Testing

Making sure the database works as intended is going to be one of the most crucial aspects of our development process. We have to test it properly to ensure the security of the data. To do this, we’ll start by using white box testing: using stubs and drivers.We will insert any data we want and check if the database functions we wrote works as intended, and the mapping of the data is correct. We will use unit tests to automate this process. Next, once the server side is functional, we can do integration testing using black box testing. Black box testing does not allow us to see what is happening inside of the database. Instead, we do operations from the front end and check if the results we obtain are accurate. We’ll test the data integrity by testing the CRUD operations - Create, read, update, delete – and check if the database is still correct.

Next, we shall test the matching algorithm and all the functionalities of the application. To do this we are going to use unit tests. This will allow us to test every functionality such as clicking on a notification brings you to the relevant information, and test corner cases in an efficient manner. We’ll be using JUnit to write and check those tests.

The user interface is a component that is going to be challenging to test.  we are unable to test it objectively and thus cannot write unit tests to test functionality.Instead, We will instead use a panel of students, coming both from European and Asian countries, to see if they find the design intuitive. Our goal is that both groups can navigate through the app and use every function without any help.
